Combine changesets (#4813)
saleor/saleor-dashboard: .changeset/dry-tigers-worry.md

---
"saleor-dashboard": minor
---

> Introduce new refund flow for order that allow user to refund items base on transactions. Grant refund and send refund is no single flow, user first create draft refund and then can transfer funds in one flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduces new refund flow for orders that allow users to refund items base on transactions. Grant refund and send refund is not a single flow. User first has to create draft refund and then can transfer funds in one flow.
```

I'm not sure I understand the second sentence 😄
